## Changelog

### 2.0.47

#### row-reverse class

Add the support for the row/col-reverse class in the default driver

#### nested grids fix

Fix minor nested grids classes to not use too generic one

### 2.0.46

#### row-reverse class

Do not generate the row-reverse and the col-reverse class in default driver

#### Allow direct state in universal mixin

Allow to make direct state assignation in the universal mixin like @include gridle(mobile 12 push 4)

### 2.0.45

#### No gutter in gridle set

Fix the no-gutter in gridle set documentation that was refering to no_gutter and not no-gutter

#### "Apply css for" in non generate phase

Fix the call to apply_css_for in non generate phase that was at the base of some issues like not applying the state gutter when using the mixins only, etc...

### 2.0.44

#### Remove all debug statement

Remove the debug statement that print out "generate classes for mobile", etc...

#### Fix some minor issues

Correct the gridle parameter conversion when there's only 1 parameter that need to be passed to a mixin

#### Add the gridle_set_generic_class mixin

This allows you to tell the framework which generic class to use when generate classes for some element targeting like [class*="no-gutter"] > .row { ...

#### Improve clear-each classes

Improve clear-each classes to target grid element even if others elements are injected in the html between grids (thanks Robert Krieg)

### 2.0.43

#### Add a global setting to enable default states (tv, retina, ...)

By default, do not register default states like tv, retina, etc. If you want them, set $gridle-default-states to true

### 2.0.42

#### Fix weird issue with row-align on firefox

Due to some weird things, on firefox the row-align middle need to have a tiny margin-right applied to avoid line breaks

### 2.0.41

#### Fix some issues with clear and clear-each

Due to float that have been removed in 2.0.4, the clear and clear-each did not worked properly anymore. It's now all ok

#### Fix some weird issue with libsass and node-sass 3.4.x

Some weird issues happend when extend in an at-root statement.

### 2.0.4

#### Adding universal mixin support

The universal mixin allows you to write complexe gridle instructions in 1 line

#### Enhance direction support

You can now specify that a part of your layout has a different direction with the dir="rtl" html attribute

#### Column width support

Add support for the column-width setting in setup. This has to be used only if you now what you are doing. By default gridle is a percentage based grid system...

### 2.0.3

#### Fix some issues with nesting grids

Your grid will now have the full container width available cause all the rows will expand themselves by the gutter width. This is a better behavior.

#### Adding license in repo

There's now a LICENSE.txt file in the repo.

#### Adding basic mixins sample in demo-mixins.html file


### 2.0.2

#### Adding element queries support

You have now support for element queries.

### 2.0.0

#### Nested grid : no more parent class and mixin

To handle the nested grids, previous version had a parent class. This is no more needed.

#### row class

The new row class is at some point a replacement for the parent one. This class has to wrap each "lines" of columns. You will have more control over your columns alignement, etc...

#### grid-... classes became gr-...

The grid-... classes has now became gr-... . It's 2 letters I know but this mean a lot in a large project...

#### @ in classnames

Now all of the grid classes stay in the same format. To scope a class in a particular state, just add @{stateName} at the end of your classname.

#### Feature : gr-grow, gr-adapt

The all new gr-grow and gr-adapt classes allows you to create columns that will behave dpending of the column content instead of a specific width.

#### Feature : row-align-...

The all new row-align-... classes allows you to align your columns as you want (top, middle, bottom, left, center, right).

#### Flex support

Gridle has now a full flex version. To use this version, check out the driver section on the documentation. Some features are only available in a specific driver

#### Drivers

Gridle has now multiple drivers that you can use to generate your grid. For now the default and the flex driver are available. Some features are only available in a specific driver (cf. documentation).

#### New wrap / nowrap classes

These classes are useful in conjunction with the gr-adapt and gr-grow to handle complexe layouts.

#### Row full class

The new row-full class allows you to make a row take the entire screen width.

#### Flex : order

Some new classes to order your columns

#### No more nested gridle mixin in gridle_state issue

You can now nest your gridle_... mixins in a gridle_state one

#### Some new functions

Some new functions have been added to the api (cd. documentation)

#### Change comment style to //

Update all comments to avoid comments in generated css
